MClustA. David Redish et al. Version 3.5 2008Version 3.0 2002(Version 2.+ 1998-2000)Status: PROMOTED (Release version) This code copyright by the authors, 1998-2008.Additional components of this code were contributed by   Neil Schmitzer-Torbert, University of Minnesota   Peter Lipa, University of Arizona   Stephen Cowen, University of Arizona   Jadin Jackson, University of Minnesota.   Francesco Battaglia, University of ArizonaKlustaKwik by Ken Harris, Rutgers University, included by permission.None of the authors, nor their respective labs, nor their respectiveuniversities, assume any liabilities for this code.Use at your own risk.  We have done our best to ensure that this codeis correct, but do not make any guarantees.  This program isdistributed in the hope that it will be useful, but without anywarranty; without even the implied warranty of merchantability orfitness for a particular purpose.Use of this code should be acknowledged in any paper that uses dataanalyzed with it.  Acknowledgement should be in the methods section as"(MClust-3.5, A. D. Redish et al)".  Use of automated cutters shouldbe acknowledged as BubbleClust (P. Lipa) or KlustaKwik (K. Harris).This code may be distributed freely.  However, all distributed copiesmust include all components included in the original distribution,including, but not limited to the disclaimer file containing thiscopyright notice.  This code may not be modified without the expresswritten consent of the author.[However, MClust is designed to facilitate the incorporation of newloading engines, new features and new cutting methods.  If you havesuch that you wish to include, please contact me. - adr]Send bug reports, questions, and comments to "redish@umn.edu".Please do not send emails related to MClust to any of the otherauthors.  None of the authors, nor their respective labs, nor theirrespective universities assume any responsibility for replying to suchemail, to fixing said bug-reports, or to maintaining this code. Thiscode is distributed as is.  [However, I will reply if I have time. Iwill do my best to fix bugs, answer questions, incorporate newfeatures and cutters, etc. Many of the updates to version 3.5 weredone by others, see above.  - adr]--------------------------------------------------------------------MClust-3.5 is written in Matlab (MathWorks Inc.) and requires version2007a (7.5) or higher.  Some functions will require the statisticaltoolbox as well (available from MathWorks).  MClust-3.5 has beentested on PC workstations running Windows 2000 and Windows XP(Microsoft).  But should be easily portable to other platforms.  [Ifyou do such a port, please contact me and I will make them publiclyavailable with appropriate credit.  - adr]MClust reads neural recording data (see LoadingEngines).  It ouputs"t-files", which contain (after a header) a list of timestamps inbinary format.  Timestamps are 32-bit longs at a resolution of 10timestamps/ms.  It is supplied with a Loading Engine capable ofreading Neuralynx Cheetah TT files.  Nothing has to be done to thefiles in order to load them into MClust.  Other Engines may soon beavailable.From the matlab prompt, make sure that the MClust directory is in yourmatlab path.  Then type "MClust" at the matlab prompt.  Running MClustwill open a matlab window.-------------------------------------------------------------------VERSION CONTROLFebruary 2008 Version 3.5 released.